problem 1 Inchworm

initial thoughts:
store where the leaves in a vector
store where the worm will rest in a vector
compare the positions of each vector

attempt:
looks ugly, must be an easier way.

more thoughts:
one for loop, check if the mod of leaf and rest are 0. if both equal to zero, increment res.

attempt:
it works.

reflection:
don't store things unnecessarily

problem 2 ThrowTheBall

initial thoughts:
draw out an example of it, can't make sense of it.
need to track the number of times eahc player has held the ball.
stepping through the example, once all players have passed the ball around, the ball travels in the reverse order.
for the first example where
N = 5
M = 3
L = 2
the ball goes, 
1,4,2,5,3 then goes 3,5,2,4,1

plan:
simulate one round of passing (once the ball returns to player 1) and multiply the number of passes by M - 1.
so the above example will be 5 * 2 = 10


trying to simulate a round:
store number of passes in a vector, each index of the vector represents a player,player one is at index of 0.
tried to track the current player, with current player + 1. That didn't work.
currently outputting one more pass than it should. i.e., 11 instead of 10.
changed the condition of the return. it works now.

it works, heres how:
store the number of possessions each player has in a vector, with the index corresponding to the the player number.
check if the player in possesion of the ball has an even or odd number of possessions
if even, calculate currentPlayer + L (diff), if diff is greater than the number of players, 
pass to the player at the index diff - number of players. otherwise just pass to the player at index diff.
if odd, do the inverse of even pretty much.

reflection:
that took longer than expected but happy to get it done.


problem 3 StreetParking

initial thoughts:
check if the value in the string is -
if it is, check it isn't with range of S and B
error handle for out of range.

attempt:
worked well.

reflection:
feels good to get that done quickly


questoin 4 AzimuthMonitoring

initial thoughts:
brute force approach, have an Azimuth value, change it based on the instructions
find the direction
check the degree
calculate azimuth
repeat

